fix typos and links in various documentation files (#1649)
TUM-Dev/NavigaTUM: data/README.md

## Compilation process

> The data compilation is made of individual processing steps, where each step adds new or modifies the current data. The
> basic structure of the data, however, stays the same from the beginning on and is specified in `data-format_*.yaml`.

Reviewer: PSA: "However" cannot live in the middle of a sentence, only the first word.

I have also added a bit more context below

```suggestion
The data compilation is made of individual processing steps, where each step adds new or modifies the current data.
The final structure of the data, is specified in `data-format_*.yaml`.
Some work is underway to ensure that this format is actually being followed via simplifying the data backend and migrating the database server from managing a json blob to "real" tables. This is not done yet.
```

Author: <img width="802" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/986ac20c-ce1e-4137-ae3b-2f150eb1dedb">
;)

Reviewer: hmm...
Okay, fair 😅
